[Music]
hello again it's Jimmy again from my
house again
this is day 43 I think I'm not sure
Guillermo what day is this how long have
we been in quarantine now I think 41
days of 41 days all I know is this is
officially now the longest I've stayed
inside since the womb you know I keep
thinking about what a bummer it is to be
a high school senior right now you're
about to graduate you don't get to do
any of the fun stuff
so there's a new thing they're doing
called isolation proms where all the
kids will get dressed up and they'll
dance over video chat which is okay I
guess it's better than nothing when I
was in high school I had an isolation
prom too everyone else went to the prom
I stayed home and played my clarinet and
while we may be isolated right now it
would seem that we are not alone as if
we didn't have enough to worry about
right in the middle of this at the
moment we are all totally focused on the
virus and quarantine and whether or not
we should be mainlining lice all the
Pentagon releases official video of UFOs
that's right what you're about to see
are UFOs they are unidentified flying
objects that no one not even the pilots
who saw and tracked them has an
explanation for look on the Hudson
it's perfect just what we need has there
ever been a worse time for an alien to
say take me to your leader I think I
just lead them to like Morgan Freeman's
house or something that video is nuts
those pilots they were pretty casual but
they reacted they reacted about the same
way I would react if a squirrel got in
my house whoa dude the Navy calls it
unidentified aerial phenomena which
basically is a UFO that's what a UFO
would put on its tax return and these
videos you know they've been circulating
unofficially for quite some time but now
they have been certified as bonafide
from the military which it seems
suspicious to me
that the Pentagon waits until the
craziest news week of ever to release it
the president is telling people to drink
bleach now is the time
although here's the one thing I'll say
about Donald Trump if aliens did make
contact he'd tell us not on purpose of
course he just wouldn't be able to
resist he'd be yelling at some reporter
and say this is why I know about the
aliens and you don't by the way when you
think about how nuts this year has been
think about this the Pentagon releases
video of UFOs it's barely even a story
won't even be the biggest news item of
the week this week the other big mystery
right now is where is kim jong hoon Kim
Jong hoon is either very sick or very
dead or perfectly fine we don't know all
we know is that he hasn't been seen or
heard from in more than two weeks and
this was trending over the weekend a
hashtag that says either kim jeong-hoon
dead or kim jeong Undead
i don't know that would be some plot
twist though he turns into a zombie
South Korean officials claim their
troublesome neighbor is alive and well
and is probably just sheltering in place
somewhere another theory is he was
drinking from a chocolate river and got
stuck in a pipe he's waiting for the
Oompa Loompas to get him out whatever
the case the president weighed in on
this saying he has a very good idea
about what is going on with Kim jong-un
which of course means he has absolutely
no idea what's going
with kim jeong-hoon this has not been a
great month for Donald Trump none of
them have really but yesterday we
learned that Trump was warned about the
threat of coronavirus back in January
and February more than a dozen times US
intelligence officials put the warnings
in the president's daily briefing book
which that's the problem right there you
put it in a book the president doesn't
read books if you wanted them to take it
seriously you should have tweeted him
like a Jif of a dancing cheeseburger
like this but it's understandable that
Donald Trump wasn't paying attention he
was very busy at the time he had to play
golf on January 4th
January 5th January 18th 19th February
1st 2nd 15th March 7th March 8th what's
he supposed to do mrs. T times Trump was
asked today what he knew about the virus
and when he knew it and you're gonna
find this a little bit hard to believe
but he didn't really answer you clarify
what your intelligence advisors were
telling you back in January and February
were you warned about what was happening
with coronavirus and a threat to this
country should there have been longer
warnings what what were you hearing
every day I think properly a lot more
than the Democrats because a month later
Nancy Pelosi was saying let's dance in
the streets of Chinatown you go back and
you take a look and even professionals
like Anthony we're saying this is no
problem this is late in February this is
no problem this is gonna blow this is
gonna blow over I wonder if those tiny
little baby carrot fingers ever get
tired of pointing at everyone else
the truth is Trump was too busy to read
his daily intelligence briefing in
January and February because he was out
on the road saying stuff like this by
the way how bad were the Academy Awards
this year you said six toilets and
showers
you'll get any water I just beat Abraham
Lincoln in a park and the winner is a
movie from South Korea what the hell was
that all of it I brought back the old
light bulb but I'm also approving new
dishwashers that give you more water so
you can actually wash and rinse your
dishes without having to do it ten times
like this guy he's a Mexican you're
about as Mexican as I am wonderful cows
I love cows they want to kill our cows
see he didn't have time to the virus
because he's protecting us from the cow
killers Trump's bleach out your insides
pitch is still having an impact the FDA
yesterday issued a warning about
drinking hand sanitizer they told people
not to do that it listen if you need the
FDA to tell you not to drink hand
sanitizer go ahead and do a shot of
Purell I don't care and we got another
disturbing announcement from the CDC
which is now recommending that if you
have symptoms of or test positive for
Cova 19 you should distance yourself
from your pets cats and dogs can
apparently get the virus too first they
thought it was just cats but now dogs
have been added to the list how do you
socially distance yourself from someone
that says hello by sticking his nose in
your crotch hey speaking of pets the
Vice pootle was off the leash today he
went on a tour of the Mayo Clinic in
Minnesota where despite being told to
wear a mask he did not the Mayo Clinic
has guidelines that require all visitors
to wear a mask but Mike Pence didn't and
he was the only one who didn't you know
the only reason he didn't wear a mask is
because Trump won't wear one right Mike
Pence he's required to keep his lips
free at all times for kissing master's
ass this was good though this patient I
had hope and I only assume this guy wore
pink socks just to make Mike Pence
uncomfortable so after the visit the
Mayo Clinic tweeted mayo clinic informed
vp of the masking policy prior to his
arrival today and then they deleted that
they quickly took it down for fear that
an army of imbeciles might gather
outside to protest
I know maybe Mike Pence just wants to
catch it already and be put out of his
misery
the President as you know refuses to
wear a mask which is a shame because you
know if his mouth was covered with a
mask we could help him with his press
conferences a lot okay everybody I'm
gonna make this very simple stay inside
don't drink bleach and listen to doctors
because I have no idea how the human
body works I can't even find my penis
anymore now go wash your hands and vote
for Joe Biden so I can go home and play
some golf you see every problem solved
right there